I must warn all of them if you find the
other spark and Megatron is in its
possession take it from him I look to
keep in my chest destroy my spark and
save this world
ah now these are colors I can relate to
both of you wear the color of the
Autobot and you make me very very proud
this one is rather tiny but I see your
Sparta strong three tens younglings be
careful
Megatron is lurking here who don't want
and Rollins
thank you we shall see you in 10 new
verse maybe 50 okay maybe 30
Thank You cadet my hand is as big as
your school
greetings younglings how are you today
this is great rooms he was a mighty
Autobot perhaps you have heard of him
his name was jazz greetings younglings
Merville is a great color what is your
name
Alexis Alyssa I'm sorry that sometimes
my audio sensors get a bit scrambled
from the war with Megatron nonetheless
oversight I will reward your name in the
memory banks always remembered
jeez